Expand-app-developers-pages (#777)
buildpacks/docs: content/docs/for-app-developers/concepts/experimental-features.md

+++
title="What are experimental features?"
weight=8
+++

> Certain features are considered `experimental` and susceptible to change in a future API version.

Author: updated

<!--more-->

> This means users will need to enable the `experimental` mode in order to use one of these feature.

Reviewer: @AidanDelaney and @natalieparellano can fill in the features that are currently experimental

Author: @AidanDelaney still waiting on this

Reviewer 2: The following features are experimental

* Image extensions
* Windows extensions
* Windows containers
* Windows buildpackage
* Buildpack registry
* Flattening a buildpack package

Author: Added

> This means users will need to enable the `experimental` mode in order to use one of these feature.

Author: fixed

> To enable these features, run `pack config experimental true`, or add `experimental = true` to the `~/.pack/config.toml` file.

Author: update

> To enable these features, run `pack config experimental true`, or add `experimental = true` to the `~/.pack/config.toml` file.

Author: updated

For example, exporting your application to disk in `OCI` layout format is an experimental feature available on `pack` since version `v0.30.0`

> For more information and to look at an example of how this might be valuable, see [Export to OCI layout format on disk][exp-feature].

Author: updated

> [exp-feature]: https://buildpacks.io/docs/for-app-developers/how-to/special-cases/export-to-oci-layout/

Author: updated

+++
title="What are experimental features?"
weight=8
+++

Certain features are considered `experimental` and susceptible to change in a future API version.

<!--more-->

This means users will need to enable the `experimental` mode in order to use one of these features.

To enable these features, run `pack config experimental true`, or add `experimental = true` to the `~/.pack/config.toml` file.

> For example, exporting your application to disk in `OCI` layout format is an experimental feature available on `pack` since version `v0.30.0`.
> 
> The following is a list of experimental features:
> 
> * Image extensions
> * Windows extensions
> * Windows containers
> * Windows buildpackage
> * Buildpack registry
> * Flattening a buildpack package
> 
> For more information and to look at an example of how this might be valuable, see [Export to OCI layout format on disk][exp-feature].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following features are experimental for `pack`:
* Building for [Windows containers][windows]
* Packaging buildpacks for Windows containers
* Exporting to [OCI layout][oci-layout] format on disk
* Interacting with the [buildpack registry][registry]
* Creating a multi-arch buildpack package (`pack manifest` commands)
* Flattening a buildpack package (`pack buildpack --flatten`)
* Interactive builds (`pack build --interactive`)
* When building, reading project metadata version & source URL from [project.toml][project-descriptor]

The following features are experimental for `lifecycle`:
* Building for [Windows containers][windows]
* Exporting to [OCI layout][oci-layout] format on disk
```

Reviewer: @AidanDelaney and my code suggestions crossed paths, but this might be a bit more comprehensive & accurate (extensions no longer experimental)

Author: updated
